# Work Diary: Youshi
====================

## W1
Thu 17 Sep: Formed group, discussed project, split into pairs, drafted epic/user stories, setup half weekly meeting time, discussed novelty ideas.

Sun 20 Sep: Added more novelties, fleshed out user stories in group, created a general storyboard for the entire site, refined storyboard for userstory 3.5 and 3.6. Brainstormed on team names and logos. Team decided to postpone tech stack and proposal work till next tute/lecture

-----------

## W2
Thu 24 Sep: Got our work so far reviewed by tutor, good progress so far. Reorganised user stories. Decided sprint sizes and created draft of sprint backlog. Reiterated what work is required to complete proposal. Decided on tech stack to use. 

Sun 27 Sep: Discussed setting up machines for frontend. Pitched my idea and research of a novelty idea for the project, namely a cat/monkey mascot that proposes stocks to buy. Based on 2012 and 2013 research where a cat and some monkeys beat professionals and the market. Reminded everyone to keep diaries updated. Everyone went through storyboards together. Quick delegation of sections in the proposal to each member.

-----------

## W3
Wed 30 Sep: Setup the draft report structure, including important elements from the marking criteria for each section for easy access. Created layout of System Architecture of the report. Setup reactjs and nodejs to prepare for a tutorial on frontend

Thu 1 Oct: Team decided on novelty stories to implement, team check that storyboards and diaries up to date, and progress for proposal draft sections, as well as progress on completing frontend tutorials

Sun 4 Oct: Completed my section and helped team with editing. Agreed with Dom to restructure storyboards so they will fit better into the body of the report. Redid the storyboard page designs in DrawIO for polish.

-----------

## W4

Thu 8 Oct: Team agreed to take backend first approach. First iteration of features for database complete. Helped other team make design decisions on handling API. Completed unit testing for first iteration. Improved implementation with better security via salted hashes of passwords using bcrypt.

Sun 11 Oct: Did front end tutorial and started work on stock_details page. Got Overview to properly route and show numbers. Went through how to do pull requests with team.

-----------

## W5
Mon 12 Oct: Setup structure of state for stock_historicals so that POST request to backend fetches data and displays on frontend. Completed rest of main features of stock details page with group. Added better formatting and CSS for details page structure. Had meeting about presentation planning and JIRA reconciliation.

Wed 14 Oct: 'Quick' meeting with group to practice presentation for Demo A. Added input sanitation, and wallet to the account page as indicated in the acceptance criteria.

Thu 15 Oct: Presented work for Demo A, performed a retrospective with the team. Decided on future path and improvements. Fixed bug discovered in Demo A of not checking database file exists before registration/login

Sun 18 Oct: Discussed in meeting new scribe, addition to Retrospective, and new format for the database. Together with Shelby completed implementation of the new database schema, updated links to frontend for new file structure, completed the buy and sell functions, and nearly completed unit testing. I created a new relational diagram for the database.

## W6
Mon 19 Oct: Finished the unit testing with Shelby and fixed up some bugs in buy/sell functionality. 

Tue 20 Oct: Quick meeting with team to discuss progress and show new off new features to each other.

Thu 22 Oct: General team meeting deciding on next stories to work on. Fixed bug with website where navigating between details page and search page with browser 'back' and 'forward' buttons cause prices of stocks to be $0. Completed a first iteration of the buy side of the advisor

Fri 23 Oct: Quick meeting with Hazel to merge buy and sell sides of the advisor together and discuss frontend. Created stubs of frontend.

Sun 25 Oct: General team meeting discussing progress so far. Team found issue with code that doesn't take into account how some stocks exist on the ASX but don't seem to be valid/active and shouldn't be allowed to be purchased. Added this check to backend. Discussed in further detail the 'bet on predictions' user story and came up with database schema.

## W7
Tue 27 Oct: Worked on Advisor buy-side with Hazel. Got table up and going with get request to backend to retrieve advised stocks for user to purchase.

Wed 28 Oct: Fixed advisor sell-side POST request issue, modified all pytest files to work with new database and testing format, added an @app.before function to Flask to always check database is initialised before running any routing. Implemented a pop-up buy button for advisor and fixed bug with modals that don't reset the fields after purchasing stocks. Added de-sanitation function to properly display company names.

Thu 29 Oct: Decided against merging Advisor-buy and sell due to size of the resulting file. Ironed out bugs. Tested setting up Python virtual environemtna and react app on VLAB, added section to Readme.md on how to setup and run the project on VLAB.

Sat 31 Oct: Reviewed Hazel's error message addition for UX, found and fixed bugs with error message not displaying correctly and refactoring code.

Sun 1 Nov: Discussed report structure and drafting in the meeting, reviewed all stories I had worked through and added more comments and documentation. Fixed bugs with error messages.

## W8
Wed 4 Nov: Fixed bugs with team before rehearsing for Demo Based

Thu 5 Nov: Discussed retrospective B with team, started sprint 3 and allocated new groups and future tasks.

Fri 6 Nov: Started work on account details functionality, and completed the story with Dom and Hazel. Moved onto password change and password reset functionalities.

Sun 8 Nov: Completed password change when both logged in and not logged in with Hazel and Dom.

## W9
Mon 9 Nov: Completed story 2.4 and added more unit testing of new features

Tue 10 Nov: Delegated work for report, performed merge of details and password_change features, and performed testing to ensure functionality in master branch.

Thu 12 Nov: Another test of the master branch in VLAB, however found out that if one of the commands was entered incorrectly it could completely block a port. Double checked all the pytest files and made minor changes to ensured they all still worked with the new changes.

Fri 13 Nov: Updated stories and relational diagram in documentation. Created a script that automates the setup and run process for users so they won't accidently enter the wrong commands and block a port. Started on report.

Sat 14 Nov: Created draft of my allocated sections.

Sun 15 Nov: Completed my allocated sections.

## W10
Mon 16 Nov: Checked everything in group call. Dom submitted both.