# Work Diary:Yukun Shi(Shelby)
====================

##W1
Thu 17 Sep (Group meeting day): Formed group, discussed project, split into pairs, drafted epic/user stories, setup half weekly meeting time, discussed novelty ideas.

Sat 19 Sep: Drafted the user stories for my team.

Sun 20 Sep (Group meeting day): Added more novelties, fleshed out user stories in group, created a general storyboard for the entire site.

-----------

## W2
Mon 21 Sep: Did research on the existing simulation systems.

Thu 24 Sep(Group meeting day): Reorganised user stories. Decided sprint sizes and created draft of sprint backlog. Decided on tech stack to use.

Fri 25 Sep: Prepared two novelty ideas for Sunday's group meeting. Guidance system, for people who are new to stocks & Comments function.

Sun 27 Sep(Group meeting day): Fixed, reviewed and updated user stories to match their description and number. Completed leftover story boards.

-----------

## W3
Thu 1 Oct(Group meeting day): Decide on novel user stories. 

Fri 2 Oct: Set up front end. Learned react.

Sat 3 Oct: finished storyboards for novelty ideas. Change references from Cat to Advisor-done. Change stories to fit new layout. Draft out novel functionalities for proposal.

Sun 4 Oct(Group meeting day): Makes boards standardised to Jet's board. Formated references. Finished proposal with group.

-----------

## W4
Mon 5 Oct: Set up reacte and the evironment

Thu 8 Oct(Group meeting day): Team decide to take backend first approach. Specified API decisions. First iteration of features of API complete with Jet and Dom. Raised errors exceptions for API. Tests functions included with Jet.

Sun 11 Oct(Group meeting day): Worked on front end for stocks details page at first, then went to work on specific backend functions for stock details page

-----------

## W5
Wed 14 Oct(Group meeting day): Practice presentation with group mate for Demo A. Added some details

Thu 15 Oct(Group meeting day): Present work for Demo A, decided on future path and improvements. Found bug in Demo A of search page and optimised api.py, improved user details page. 

Sun 18 Oct(Group meeting day): Restructure the database with group. Together with Youshi completed implementation of the new database schema, updated links to frontend for new file structure, completed the buy and sell functions, and nearly completed unit testing. Found another bug in api.py and fixed.

-----------

## W6
Mon 19 Oct(Group meeting day): Finished the unit testing with Shelby and fixed up some bugs in buy/sell functionality.

Tue 20 Oct: Quick meeting with team, discussed progress and show new off new features to each other.

Thu 22 Oct(Group meeting day): Completed the buy sell functionality with Youshi and Jet. Tested and fixed bugs for the buy sell functionality for both front and backend.

Sun 25 Oct(Group meeting day): Meeting to discuss about the progress for working on the betting system and the investment advisor backend functionalities.

-----------

## W7
Tue 28 Oct: Working on the betting system backend along with unit testing with Jet.

Thu 29 Oct(Group meeting day): finished betting backend and testing. start working on the front end.

Sun 1 Nov(Group meeting day): finished prediction betting functionalites. Disscussed additional unit testing with Dom and Jet. test trough betting. lead meeting and script.

-----------

## W8
Wed 4 Nov(Quick group meeting): Fixed more bugs in betting system. scribed the meeting and merged different branches to master with the group. check sprint 2's functionalites works properly and prepared for the demo.

Thu 5 Nov(Group meeting day): Scribed meeting. Meeting to talk about retrospective B, started organizing and allocating roles and responsibility for team members to work on sprint 3. Start working on graph visualization with Jet. Backend done.

-----------

## W9
Mon 9 Nov: Added checks to remove any cell with NaN value for stock_last(). Finished graph implementation with Jet. added additional tests in api_test.

Tue 10 Nov(Quick group meeting): Meeting to talk about sprint 3 progress, started allocating roles for team members to work on different sections of the report. Trying to add daily graph for watchlist. added comments in api.py

Sat 14 Nov(Group meeting day): finished graph in watchlist with Jet.

Sun 15 Nov(Group meeting day): finished software functionalites for the report. finished user manual for stocks' visualization and stock details page. helped Hazel on implementation challenges.

-----------

## W10
Mon 16 Nov(Quick group meeting): 

